Maxlevel user option for external field initialization (#4326)
ECP-WarpX/WarpX: Docs/source/usage/parameters.rst

    the field solver. In particular, do not use any other boundary condition
    than periodic.

* ``warpx.maxlevel_extEMfield_init`` (default is maximum number of levels in the simulation)

>     With this parameter, the externally applied electric and magnetic fields with paramters

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    With this parameter, the externally applied electric and magnetic fields with parameters
```

    the field solver. In particular, do not use any other boundary condition
    than periodic.

* ``warpx.maxlevel_extEMfield_init`` (default is maximum number of levels in the simulation)
    With this parameter, the externally applied electric and magnetic fields
    will not be applied for levels greater than ``warpx.maxlevel_extEMfield_init``.
    For some mesh-refinement simulations,
    the external fields are only applied to the parent grid and not the refined patches. In such cases,

>     ``warpx.maxlevel_extEMfield_init`` can be set to 0. Note that the other levels will be initialized to
>     a default value of 0.

Reviewer 2: "Note that the other levels will be initialized to a default value of 0."

I am not sure that is true of we do an initial poisson solve.
Better would be:
```suggestion
    ``warpx.maxlevel_extEMfield_init`` can be set to 0.
    In that case, the other levels will not have external fields applied.
```
or
```suggestion
    ``warpx.maxlevel_extEMfield_init`` can be set to 0.
    In that case, the other levels have external field values of 0.
```

    the field solver. In particular, do not use any other boundary condition
    than periodic.

> * ``warpx.maxlevel_extEMfield_init`` (default is maximum number of levels in the simulation)

Reviewer 2: Can you pls add this to PICMI while we add it, too? :)

Author: Sure. I ll discuss with @dpgrote on how to do this!

Author: done! 
Thanks to @dpgrote for the offiline discussion

    With this parameter, the externally applied electric and magnetic fields with parameters

>     ``warpx.E_ext_grid_init_style="constant"``,

Reviewer 3: This might be too much detail in this documentation. I think it might be cleaner to say something like
"With this parameter, any externally applied electric and magnetic fields will not be used to initialize the fields for levels greater than ``warpx.maxlevel_extEMfield_init``. ..."
My concern is that if in the future a new method of initializing the field is implemented, this comment will become out of date and incomplete.
